​​​A​​​
Accelerator  - A business incubator that helps startup teams for 3-month periods, offering capital, living expenses, and other benefits in exchange for equity in the startup.

Acquisition - Usually to buy something, like another business. Sometimes to obtain something, like in customer acquisition.

Adspend - The money you spend on advertising fees.

Advertising - When you pay for space to promote your product.

Annual recurring revenue (ARR) - Commonly just referred to as ARR, means the amount you make yearly from recurring subscriptions.

Attrition - The percentage of people who stop doing business with a brand. Calculated by the number of subscribers that cancel their service within a given period of time. See churn


​​​B​​​
B2B (Business to business) - A business that sells to other businesses, not to consumers (e.g. HubSpot, corporate translators)
 
B2C (Business to consumer) - A business that sells to consumers, not other businesses (e.g. Amazon, Facebook, a bakery)

BHAG - Big Hairy Audacious Goal, the big, reach-for-the-moon goal that entrepreneurs set for their startups.

Bootstrapped - A startup that isn't getting any external funding and is paying for everything out of pocket.


​​​C​​​
C-levels - All the executive level positions: CEO, COO, CTO, CMO, CFO, etc.

CRO - Conversion rate optimization. Changing particular layout, graphic or written elements on a page or document to get the most amount of people to take a specific action (conversion).

CTR - Click through rate. The ​percentage of how many people click your link out of everyone who has seen it.

Capital - Money or assets.

Churn - The percentage of people who stop doing business with a brand. Calculated by the number of subscribers that cancel their service within a given period of time. See attrition. (Lost customers)

Content marketing - A form of inbound marketing where a company creates, publishes and dristrbutes content to build credibility and attract more customers.

Crowdfunding - A fundraising method that asks a large number of people for a small amount of money.

Customer acquisition - Getting new customers.

Customer lifetime value (CLV or LTV) - The total amount of money one customer would spend on your product or service during their lifetime.


​​​D​​​
Disruption - An innovation that creates a new market or totally shakes up an industry (Airbnb, Uber).

Due diligence - Research and exercise of care before entering into an agreement.

Equity - Money in pocket., the amount of capital held by the company.


​​​F​​​
Funnel - A process you can take to guide your prospects to become customers.


​​​I​​​
IPO - Initial Public Offering. When a private company goes public and offers its stocks for sale to the general public.

Inbound - Attracting, engaging and delighting a public, in a way that attracts them to do business with you. 

Incubator - A company that helps startups get started, by offering them offices and sometimes accomodation.


​​​L​​​
Lead - Definitions vary, but either somebody who has subscribed to your email list or has booked a call with you, or otherwise gotten into contact with your business and could be a potential customer.


​​​M​​​
Marketing - ​Activities that help make it easier for customers to find and remember a brand.

Monthly recurring revenue (MRR) - Commonly  referred to as MRR, means the amount you make monthly from recurring subscriptions.


​​​O​​​
Overhead - Ongoing expenses of running a business.


​​​P​​​
Paid social - Paying for your social media content to be seen by a wider audience. Seen as 'sponsored' or 'ad'.

Pivot - When a brand completely changes its direction in terms of product, service, or clientele.

Profit - Difference between revenue and expenses.

Proof of concept - A prototype or sample of a concept to prove that it works


​​​R​​​
ROI - Return on investment. The ratio of how much profit you made and how much you invested.

Retention (customer retention) - Keeping current customers.

Revenue - The amount of money you make without expenses taken out.

Round - Funding round. Startups go through different rounds of funding to raise capital.


​​​S​​​
SaaS - Software as a service. A software that's accessible online through a recurring subscription.

Sales - Making the offer of selling your product or service

Seed - Very early investments. Can be from friends and family, corwdfunding or other means.

Series - Types of funding that come after seed. Series A, B, and C funding.

SERPs - Search enginge ranking pages.

Stage - Stages of a business, usually launch, growth, shake-out, maturity, and decline.

Startup - An entrepreneur or group of entrepreneurs initaiting a new product or service (usually in tech) that has both an large sense of possibility and a huge chance of failure.

Systems - Documented procedures, processes, and workflows that a business runs on.


​​​T​​​
Term sheet - An outline of the terms and conditions that a contract will have.

​​​U​​​
Unicorns - A privately held startup with a valuation of over $1bn.

​​​V​​​
Valuation - The monetary value that a startup is estimated to have.
