Link: https://hbr.org/1998/11/how-venture-capital-works

Contrary to popular perception, venture capital plays only a minor role in funding basic innovation. 
Venture capitalists invested more than $10 billion in 1997, but only 6%, or $600 million, went to startups. 
Moreover, we estimate that less than $1 billion of the total venture-capital pool went to R&D. 
The majority of that capital went to follow-on funding for projects originally developed through the far greater expenditures of governments ($63 billion) 
and corporations ($133 billion).

We estimate that more than 80% of the money invested by venture capitalists goes into building the infrastructure required to grow the business—in expense 
investments (manufacturing, marketing, and sales) and the balance sheet (providing fixed assets and working capital).

Venture money is not long-term money. The idea is to invest in a company’s balance sheet and infrastructure until it reaches a sufficient size 
and credibility so that it can be sold to a corporation or so that the institutional public-equity markets can step in and provide liquidity. 
In essence, the venture capitalist buys a stake in an entrepreneur’s idea, nurtures it for a short period of time, 
and then exits with the help of an investment banker.

Venture capital’s niche exists because of the structure and rules of capital markets. 
Someone with an idea or a new technology often has no other institution to turn to. 
Usury laws limit the interest banks can charge on loans—and the risks inherent in start-ups usually justify higher rates than allowed by law. 
Thus bankers will only finance a new business to the extent that there are hard assets against which to secure the debt. 
And in today’s information-based economy, many start-ups have few hard assets.

Investors in venture capital funds are typically very large institutions such as pension funds, financial firms, 
insurance companies, and university endowments—all of which put a small percentage of their total funds into high-risk investments. 
They expect a return of between 25% and 35% per year over the lifetime of the investment. 
Because these investments represent such a tiny part of the institutional investors’ portfolios, venture capitalists have a lot of latitude. 
What leads these institutions to invest in a fund is not the specific investments but the firm’s overall track record, the fund’s “story,” 
and their confidence in the partners themselves.

Timing Is Everything More than 80% of the money invested by venture capitalists goes into the adolescent phase of a company’s life cycle. 
In this period of accelerated growth, the financials of both the eventual winners and losers look strikingly similar.

Picking the wrong industry or betting on a technology risk in an unproven market segment is something VCs avoid. 
Exceptions to this rule tend to involve “concept” stocks, those that hold great promise but that take an extremely long time to succeed. 
Genetic engineering companies illustrate this point. In that industry, the venture capitalist’s challenge is to identify entrepreneurs who can 
advance a key technology to a certain stage—FDA approval, for example—at which point the company can be taken public or sold to a major corporation.

