What is Post-Money Valuation?
The approximate market value given to a start-up after a round of financing from venture capitalists.

What is Assest Under Management (AUM)? 
The total market value of the investments that a person manages on behalf of clients.

What do VCs mean by a buyout? *
The acquisition of a controlling interest in a company and is used synonymously with the term acquisition.

What is Debt Financing?
Debt financing occurs when a firm sells fixed income products, such as bonds, bills, or notes.

What is an NDA?
A non-disclosure agreement is a legally binding contract that establishes a confidential relationship.

What is the meaning of Valuation?
The analytical process of determining the current (or projected) worth of an asset or a company.

What is a Convertible Note?
A form of short-term debt that converts into equity, typically in conjunction with a future financing round - in effect, 
the investor would be loaning money to a startup and instead of a return in the form of principal plus interest, the investor would receive equity in the company.

What is a Term Sheet?
A nonbinding agreement outlining the basic terms and conditions under which an investment will be made.

What is the meaning of Limited Partner (LP)? 
Exists when two or more partners go into business together, but the limited partners are only liable up to the amount of their investment.

What is Due Diligence?
A systematic way to analyze and mitigate risk from a business or investment decision.

What does an Analyst do at a VC firm?
Analyze the level of risk of startup companies as well as how large the growth potential in return for equity after financing.

What is IRR?
The annual rate of growth an investment is expected to generate.

What is Cash-on-Cash Return?
Metric normally used to measure commercial real estate investment performance. 

What do VC firms mean by Carried Interest? 
Carried interest is the percent that is paid out to general partners.

What is Pre-Money Valuation?
The value of a company before it goes public or receives other investments such as external funding or financing.
